
=head1 NAME

Net::DNS::DynDNS - Update dyndns.org with correct ip address for your domain name

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  print Net::DNS::DynDNS->default_ip_address();
  print Net::DNS::DynDNS->new('user', 'password')->update('test.dyndns.org,test.homeip.net');

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module allows automated updates to your dyndns.org domain name to your
current ip address.  This is useful for people running servers that operate 
off dynamic ip addresses.  

=head1 Functions

=item default_ip_address

returns your current ip address according to dyndns.org.  This function should
not be used more than once every 10 minutes according to terms of usage for
dyndns.org.

=item new( $username, $password )

returns a new object for updating dyndns.org entries.  The username and password
parameters are from your dyndns.org account.

=item update_allowed ( $setting )

returns whether the object is permitted to make another update to dyndns.org without 
human intervention.  There are a list of return codes at 
http://www.dyndns.org/developers/specs/return.html that require this behaviour.  To
signal that human intervention has allowed updating to continue, pass a true value 
in the parameter list.

=item update( $hostnames, $ip_address, $params )

returns the ip address that has been assigned to the hostnames.  The hostnames should be
fully qualified domain names.  If there is more than one hostname to be updated, they should
be separated with a comma.  The ip_address argument is optional.  It specifies which ip 
address should be assigned to the hostnames argument.  If the ip_address argument is not 
supplied, dyndns.org will assign your current ip address to the hostnames.  The optional
params argument is a hashref that may contain the following values

   Parameter            Default   Values
   system               dyndns    dyndns | statdns | custom
   wildcard             none      ON | OFF | NOCHG 
   mx                   none      any valid fully qualified hostname 
   backmx               none      YES | NO
   offline              none      YES | NO
   protocol             https     http | https

Further information about each of these parameters is available at
http://www.dyndns.org/developers/specs/syntax.html

=head1 AUTHOR

David Dick <ddick@cpan.org>

=head1 PREREQUISITES

Uses B<LWP>, B<HTTP::Cookies> and B<HTTP::Headers> modules.  Also uses B<Net::HTTPS> for 
secure communications.

=head1 BUGS

None known at this point
 
=head1 COPYRIGHT

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

=cut

